Hey do your job
Ryan rose coming back to a certain
extent probably looking in wounds a
little bit at the moment
disappointing he didn't beat Alvarez but
it was a hell of an ask to do that in
Mexico wasn't it yes Dean always
disappointing for Iranian obviously all
my fighters they're not just not
commodities to me the flags around has
been a good friend of mine for many
years now and it's a shame you know he
got his world title glory but he and he
didn't quite come off even bother faking
the years to Corbin or do you see how
how much you know what sold I will read
scores on to to achieve I don't think
he'll just be you know happy with the
light middleweight will tonight so I
think he could win world sights was that
middleweight so you could be doing as
his career have you know bounces and I
mean only 20 no so which is a bit the
frightening things that's a thing but I
think this performance of Ryan it was
very very brave he did have some good
moments in it but I think wonder sold
all those goes on to achieve what he is
doing I think this performer so that
won't look too bad to me of this
obviously Ryan is at the other end of
his career do you think there's more
left in the thing in would you advise
him what to do is it really over for him
to decide you know for Ryan to decide
you know what do you call it a day that
boxer this this there's so many you know
you know there's so many points that
you've got to take into consideration is
wondering did he think these two money
mouths on the clock but obviously you
know I want to keep on boxing you know
financially he dolefully a family he
wants to provide for his you know for
his family so he might want you might
set that into consideration and but the
other day it got beat by an exceptional
champion you know when you look you can
go back to British level and European
level you know and it is still the best
night being away probably in the you
know with the country so there's still
plenty mile is there for Ryan and if he
what you want to do now is that go in
holiday and I'll enjoy you know it'll
enjoy himself really relax and if Ryan
wants to continue his career you know
you know that is promoter daddy's friend
is just on the end of a telephone